We're going to go with auction houses.
How is it? I'm fine.
But some people
I'm afraid I can't make any bets
The discount for hiring Master Yang
If Master Yang and I lose
I'm the auction house of Goldman Sachs.
And my antique shop is different
But if you lose
The auction house is mine
Looks like I'm not just going to get an antique shop today
And an auction house
And get someone's eyeballs
Don't talk too soon
Today is over
I'm afraid your mother's auction house should take action
Mr. Sheng
After you.
Come
malachite
Malachite this is
Malachite bigger than an egg?
You're wrong.
It's not just malachite.
If I'm not mistaken
We
Lights are off
Lights Off